what's up guys welcome back to another
video of Jurassic world what we have
here is the showcase pack I haven't
looked at it yet but that's what we're
not you mean we're not gonna be doing
this today what we're gonna be doing is
a video on some of the dinosaur let me
turn on the volume alright so here we
are and we're going to use we're going
to eggs out there you want get the
showcase back you can definitely pick it
up it's about five bucks available for a
limited time let's go on over here I'd
swine's make up that pack and go on over
here and pick up our food so you know
just do this pick up the food go on in
here I was thinking maybe we should
level up yeah well I was thinking maybe
we should level up this character this
this dino buck the rather so here it is
in third form actually let's look at the
first form so this first form is really
you know is regular there's not too much
of a difference or nothing that special
about it it has regular coloring but the
unique thing is always always in the
final form the second form oh wow how it
dives is really cool that was really
cool alright so second form you notice
that he has stripes and stuff like that
right on the left and right side is the
head the same color right the head is a
dark red now it's slightly darker this
says this is lighter the beak is yellow
if you see any differences let me know
in the comments below if I missed
anything I'm gonna evolve this one to
the next form well someone's busy i'll
use done so that's good alright yes we
got into one try you know that's awesome
alright i was gonna do a video on that
all right let's go back out of here
let's go back in here
we're going to evolve it now evolve
level 20 is going to cause a t-dna so
we're going to keep on evolving this
until we actually can get to the end 80
again collect all right there we are and
we already taking a look at this dino in
this form Wow alright so right now I you
know I this is even though it's the
second time I seen it I didn't look at
the colors that much but look at the
difference Wow look at it it's like
purple pink if I miss any colors do let
me know in the comments below I was
purple pink I think it's purple hit blue
tickets purple pink blue yellow and then
there's red let's see if there's
anything else no all right we're going
to feed it with the food that we picked
up from the
from the place do we send do we put more
gold in their food production that's
what it's called alright so the food
production is still making it stop
usually I get a bit 1.5 million per day
which is nice you may have noticed i
just logged in and picked up the food
right now and it gave me 1.4 i think it
was 1.4 i get i can't remember that much
let's go back in here level 30 we're
going to evolve it you know what we're
going to save the food for something
else I don't want to level this guy to
love 14 yet just going to take 90 DNA
the other one that we just evolve took
80 this one's gonna take 90 so the jump
is not that big all right the movement
of truth let's see what we've gone 1200
look at that look at the big that head
is huge wall or hold that thing it look
how big it is it's big as his wings but
look at the colors that the thing that's
really unique look at this it looks like
a girl looks like a female who died no I
don't know it might be because of the
colors fincas all pink white I don't
know I mean wow look at the colors
really bright red yellow red yellow blue
pink I think it has purple stripes and
purple stop the back very very colorful
back in fact anyways that's pretty much
it I think I'll probably try to move on
with another Dino after collecting all
these goals that are sitting around here
all right
anyway that's pretty much it for this
video I just want to check out that
dinosaur for jurassic world the mobile
game
you